all right hello guys this is 5 for 7,500
and we're back today with another video
it's Crysis 3 and this is gonna be a
tips and tricks tutorial so we're just
gonna let you sit here and watch this
first kill and then we will get onto the
tips ok guys this is a class selection
so what I would usually go with is fy7 I
think it's the best starting out assault
rifle at level 9 it doesn't have much
recoil and it is good with red dot and a
grip on it so if you get the FY 7 and
then I also like auto armor people call
it newbie um I like it because if you
get shot in the head with a sniper you
don't die that is kind of newbie but it
helps out a lot and bows can't one-shot
you that's what I also love about it and
armor transfer I always use that because
I always seem to get in a fight with two
or more people and when I kill one of
them I get some my armor back so I'll
have more of a chance of killing the
other guy and then weapon Pro you can
reload faster and it makes the fy7
reload in like under a second so now
guys we're gonna go on to choosing
targets and using cloak is a very good
strategy but I went over to the spear
and I notice that I was getting
attacking my teammates need some help
they were all over in that corner and
what I would do is choose the first
target that sees you that guy saw me
right there so I just killed him as
quick as I could and then the next guy
went to that was attacking my teammate
and killed him so you want to just kind
of be smart on that to know when to
choose your targets which started to
choose because it's a life-or-death
situation
use of grenades that is one very good
thing in Crysis 3 grenades can help a
lot when there is a big group over there
I just chucked a grenade and I got one
of them and then I run up and go cloak
and then I take out one from
and then I keep on running and then I'd
collect on my dog tags and I'm capturing
the thing so when you're playing some
game mode always always go for the
objective get some more points and more
XP steady aim all right so if you just
keep your line of fire in a single line
on the person you're gonna kill them no
matter what this guy had up her handle
man had spin around and then I shot him
killed him and that's just how you have
to go just aim shoot make sure you hit
them and then you'll kill them alien
weapons all right so they may not seem
helpful but this is the xpac mortar and
they're pretty helpful at times I like
that expect mortar um very explosive as
you get from the mortar part and easy to
kill people like if you watch this guy
right here I just shoot him pretty much
three times and he had armor on as you
can see and then it took only one more
shot to kill him the alien weapons are
also highly effective and they are low
on ammo so that's the only bad part
about the alien weapons
okay guys here's some more alien weapon
gameplay um this is the bolt sniper it's
one shot pretty much anywhere and it
will kill the person except in the legs
I don't think but as you can see I shot
that dude right in the hip and it killed
him
so pretty much one shot anyway
alright guys now we're on the nano
vision this is a very helpful armor sort
of thing it comes standard and
everything but as you saw from the right
I didn't see that guy and then I turned
on nano vision then saw his little heat
signature and then killed him so nano
vision helped me out a lot in that
situation vehicles ok so there's a VTOL
warship that you can climb up into when
it flies by a building and you can shoot
out of its turrets and there's also this
which is the pinger and it's really good
it has this kind of like assault rifle
sort of alien weapon and then you can
also have a melee which when you press
your melee button they'll do this
exactly and then also it has rockets as
shown now and the Rockets are really
powerful it's just they're not good at
long range and neither is the machine
gun
alright guys that's all for this video I
hope you liked this Crysis 3 tips and
tricks video and I hope that it helped
you and your adventures of Crysis 3 and
hope it helped you killed people and
helped me to kill people helped me kill
him a lot
give me that high KD all right well I'll
see you in the next video